Now you might also want to get data from some other places for example click track.
So he put in the Kickstarter project you are well you can paste it into click track and we'll show you
some extra pieces of data.
So for example you can see that this particular project exceeded their goal by 7 186 percent and that
number is actually quite important.
We're going to come back to it later on.
But basically the higher the percentage of your goal you achieve the more likely it is that you're going
to show up on the popular page of Kickstarter where you'll get discovered by more people increasing
your pledge amount.
Another thing that they show is the average pledge per Bakare which is which shows you which shows you
where maybe the most popular tier should be for that particular product.
So if you're making a similar product for example another raiser then you might want to have a bracket
or a reward tier that targets that average pledge.
And the final piece of information that you might want to scrape or at least look at is how long the
campaign lasted for and what were the dates that they ran it for.
So in this case the Rockville razor Model T ran for 46 days which is actually quite long it's a lot
longer than the average project.
And they ran it between March and May.
So when you're looking at these Project think about seasonality as well.
So for example during the Christmas period Kickstarter and indigo are both pretty quiet because people
are either on holiday or you know they're no longer looking for a Christmas present.
Overall there's just less traffic.
So what people tend to do is if you think that you can get your product delivered by Christmas and you
can put into your reward is that you expected delivery date is by Christmas a lot you'll get a lot more
interest because people will buy it as a gift and that means that usually have to run your campaign
around June July.
Kind of period depending on how long you think it might take to produce and ship your product.
Now the other thing that Qik track is really good at is providing charts.
So for example for the Rockwell Razor you can see how much funding they gained on a day to day basis.
And you can see at which point did they gain the most traction.
So that means at which point on that graph on that top graph is the gradient the steepest.
So in their case in on the first day or the first 24 hours they had the steepest gradient.
And that's exactly what you want you want to kick off with a strong start.
That gives kickstart a lot of good metrics.
It might make you discovered by this team and become a staff pick which boosts you even more.
Or it might also rank you organically higher on their popular pages or their pages ranked by the Kickstarter
magic.
So that's really really important.
And if you look at enough of these graphs you'll notice that most of the successfully funded projects
initially they're very steep.
And then towards the end they're also very steep and that usually means that they got quite a lot of
traffic from the Kickstarter platform itself.
When you see projects that are more of a plateau then that's usually an indication that they drove a
lot of the traffic themselves so try and look at the funded projects curve and try to figure out what
did they do to get more backers from Kickstarter and other really useful graph that's on kik.
Track is pledged per day.
So this is not cumulative and it breaks down exactly which day did they get the most funding from.
Now this doesn't really give you much more information than the graph on top but it's just a better
way of visualizing it and you can see how much funding they average per day.
So when you're running your campaign you compare how you're doing against your competitors as well.
Now the final thing I want to show you on kik track is something that's quite useful.
It is their expected projection graph and this is useful.
While your project is ongoing or researching an ongoing campaign because what they do is that they will
chart the cumulative pledge progress up to today and they have two lines that show you the lowest amount
that is expected.
The Project X is expected to raise by the end and what is the highest amount of the project could raise
when by the end of the campaign.
Now personally I found it to be quite conservative.
So we actually overshot most of their top range expected projections.
Throughout our campaign.
But it's just a nice guy to see that window the amount of blood you're going to end up with at the end
of the campaign and it's going to be renewed day by day depending on how much more Honeywill backers
you're able to attract or how much more pledged you're able to get in.
And it's a nice way of seeing how your efforts are going to be reflected at the end of the day.
So once you've compiled all of this data together in your spreadsheet you should have rows upon rows
of similar projects and you can start doing some data crunching and you want to color the project to
differentiate the ones that were successful versus the ones that were not.
And you can start digging into the data and looking at what were the reasons maybe they were successful
or not.
And what were the reasons behind the project that raised the largest amount.
So another really useful thing to do is to scrape kickstarted data for the reward tiers and the number
of backers for those reward.
Tears from your competitor projects and what you can do with this data is you can create a histogram
that looks at the reward here's that gained the largest amount of backers and see which tears are the
most popular for your chosen niche.
Now the thing you have to remember is that if you have 10 backers who each paid for the $25 reward here
that's the same as one backer who paid for the $250 here.
So when you're looking at this histogram keep that in mind.
And I think one of the biggest piece of advice is that a lot of Kickstarter is.
What it is that they're selling and that makes it risky for you when you're creating the product and
also means that you have less take home at the end of the day.
So I'm going to show you quickly how you can use the scraper tool to get this data and how you can chart
it using Google sheets.